# Theatre Kickstarter


## Overview of Project
	Louise has spearheaded many Fundraising campaigns across the globe to spread her love of theatre. She has raised money to build new theatres, funded the production and plays and concerts alike and experienced both successes and failures.
Some were more successful than others. After her play Fever approached its fundraising goal rather quickly, she approached us to see if we could discover a correlation.

### Purpose
Louise wants to know how different fundraising campaigns fared in relation to their launch date and fundraising goals.
## Analysis and Challenges
	In order to better answer Louise's questions, we first had to make some changes to the layout of the data in the excel workbook.
We created a new column for percentage funded to determine how much of the campaign goal was met. We used data from the Pledged and Goal columns to find the percentages. 
We also sorted the data provided based off whether the campaigns were successful, failed or canceled. We then created pivot charts for a better visual representation of the success of these fundraising campaigns based off fundraising goals and launch date. 

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date
Hello Louise, 
I have analyzed the information you've provided me regarding your theatre Kickstarter Campaigns; here are my conclusions.
	According to the charts generated by the data you have given me I can say that fundraising outcomes tended to be more successful when launched in the summer months between May and July; while fundraisers were less likely to be successful when launched between October and March during the winter months. The current Live fundraising Campaigns are therefore less likely to be successful as they are occurring during this down time. 

(Insert Chart)

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals
	The mean campaign goal for your successful campaigns was around $5,00 while the mean campaign goal for your failed campaigns was around $10,000. 76% of your campaigns were successful when the goal was less than $1,000 while 73% were successful when the goal was less than $5,000. 
As your goal increases your campaign success decreases, dropping to around 50% for fundraising campaigns between $5,000 and $24,000 and around 20% for campaigns between $25,000 and $34,000. 
(Insert Chart)
### Challenges and Difficulties Encountered
	There was a success rate 0f 67% between goals of $35,000 and $45,000 though that was primarily due to a small sample size of campaigns within that range. You had 6 fundraising campaigns between $35,000 and $45,000 and three of them were successful. Due to the small sample size, it is difficult to say what about those specific campaigns led to their success. It is likely that with a larger sample of campaigns with higher goals the success rate would decrease to better match the previous trend of decreasing success with increasing goals. 


